This is a list to record my feelings and emotions after repeatedly watching Never Gonna Give You Up by Rick Astley.

1st watch -- This is a catchier song than I remember, I haven't listened to it in years it feels like. This dude has some hip action. 
I found myself bobbing my head and tapping my foot along to the beat. I forgot there were more words other than the chorus.
Dude in the white shirt and jeans got some MOVES. Woah, that backflip doe. Ah, the classic 15 second fade at the end.

2nd watch -- Didn't notice the nice wrist action this dude has in the beginning. He's rocking that tan cloak. I think
we have one of those lying around here somewhere. Who knows when you'll need to cosplay as Inspector Gadget, right?
Why does everyone have their shirt tucked into their pants? They on their way to a job interview or a wedding?
Why is Rick performing in an empty ballroom? Who are these dancers? Are they being paid?

3rd watch -- So far this isn't as terrible as I initially thought it would be. It's an old song used in stale memes,
but it was popular for a reason I guess. Nice beat. Not modern by any means, but forever will be held dear to many.
It really comforts me that Rick will always be there for me. This video goes to show that you don't really need to have
any dancing skills to be famous. I guess as long as your rich enough to hire people to dance for you instead, then it works.
I'd like to see the footage 5 seconds after that dude jumps into that fence, THAT'S the content I'm looking for here.

4th watch -- Okay those first notes actually kinda startled me. My finger clicked the play button before I was mentally
prepared #millenialprobs. I didn't know of this song until the memes came around, so was this song popular before the internet
blew it up, or was it this popular BECAUSE someone decided it would be funny? These are the questions that keep me up at night.
That one 2 second shot of him just smiling is nice and adds character to the video. I did the same thing when I was editing videos
in Jr High. I think my brain is starting to mentally check out, because the video is over before I realize it... well, I can tell it's
over before it finishes because of that 15 sec fade, but you know what I mean.

5th watch -- That's a really old style of microphone. At least, I think? These sweeping shots are starting to make me dizzy. Why do the
dancers have so much choreography if the editor is gonna cut away from them so often? Most of the time they're shown just flipping their head
around to look at the camera. That's not dancing, that's spinning. Man, quality for music videos had a really low bar back then. How did they get 
that lighting effect on the walls? Looks like light being shown through agitated water. Holy crap, is it really over already? Am I blacking out?

6th watch -- I still don't understand half of what this guy is singing. Are they recording this at a church? Why does this church have a bar?
I wont judge. I like to imagine that they fenced off the road beneath that bridge looking structure, and people driving by are seeing this redhead
randomly flinging his arms about while he mouthes along to this song. I bet $10 they were playing this song on a crappy radio. I wanna see this video
with the raw noise. I wonder how the bloopers look. Can you mess up swaying?

7th watch -- I think I'm starting to die inside a little. Just a little. I have hope in my heart that I'll make it through this. That's the nature of the
human spirit, being able to push through the tough times because we know the reward will be worth it. Weird being told that my heart has been aching, considering
I lack one. I want to see more of this bartender, he's really getting into it. Did the fog machine take up most of the budget? Maybe they saved some money by burning
a pile of stuff behind them. It really looks like something is on fire here. 

8th watch -- The most painful thing is that Haley is just listening through her Pandora station for her assignment, so I'll get bits of better songs in between listens. 
I have to force myself to hit play, and that jarring first note gets me. "Never gonna make you cry" sorry Rick, you may just do that today... 
Why DOES that guy just jump into that fence? Why is it so springy? If the fence is that loose, I don't think slamming your body into it is going to aid it's stuctural 
integrity in any way. I think you can get fined for that. 

9th watch -- Haley, "Do you really think he's going to read all of this, or just see the commits and check it off?"
Me, "Well, I can only hope that my suffering will not be in vain. Even if no one reads my thoughts as my mind turns to mush, I still have you as a witness."
Haley, returning from the kitchen with a soda, "I'm sorry, were you talking?"
Rick promised not to hurt me at the exact moment I felt betrayed by my closest friend. 
I'm starting to hear "Just give up" instead of "Give you up"
Oh, well looks like the cat has now vomited on the yoga matt. I'd rather watch that than this.

10th watch -- I'm lost on what else to say. I joke a lot about how I'm dead inside. TURNS OUT I had some humanity left, and I'm wasting it on this project. Once I'm done with
this, I will truly have no soul left. I think I'm starting to gain a thousand-yard stare. The chairs in that ballroom do NOT look comfortable in any way.
I hope the person who designed them feels bad. Why is there no padding nor support for the back? Is this why people get back issues? My spine aches just looking at them.

11th watch -- As I'm about to begin this listen, I hear a small bit of Haley's song. My first thought is, "Eh, that's not really a great song." Then I hit play, and I immediately
ate my words. The other songs that YouTube is suggesting look so tempting. Am I the only one annoyed that they plop random "Recommended videos for you" in the Up Next list? Like,
I KNOW I like that video, it's IN MY PLAYLIST. Sometimes when I'm looking for something specific, but can only find it through another video, more than half of the recommended will be
these videos. Like, STOP. Oh no.... YouTube is going to think I LOVE this song now. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooOOOoooooooooOOOO!!

12th watch -- I should have picked a better song. I regret everything I've ever done. I regret everything that I am, have been, and will be. Okay, why are his shirt and jeans the same color?
Isn't that like some fashion no-no? Hasn't it always been? Granted, I thought stripes looked good with polka dots when I was 6, so who am I to judge? Why is this guy bartending if he can leap that
high into the air? While doing the SPLITS, I might add. *ooooooohhhhh just give up* Man, I really just wanna curl up into a ball. Alas my desk chair cannot handle that stress.

13th watch -- Haley is cleaning up the cat vomit behind me and she's gagging pretty terribly... I have blasted the volume until that is done. Look, I spent last weekend on my computer working on an animation
for over 12 hours in one sitting, and this has broken me faster than that did. I can feel my eyes glaze over. I think I'm getting a twitch. I still haven't decided if I'm only going to 15 commits with this particular
log or if I'm going all the way to 30 here. Does anyone other than me care? Probably not, because no one else would be stupid enough to do this, so they don't know what it's like. There is a pair of eclipse glasses next
to me at my desk here, and I should probably put them on considering how blinding Rick's utter STAR POWER is.

14th watch -- I'm starting to unravel. If I had the capacity to cry, I would. I have a chill constantly running through my body, almost as if the devil himself is watching over my shoulder. Every time I click that play button,
he laughs. Speaking of, you can very, very faintly hear Rick's voice in the beginning of this video before he begins singing. I would not be surprised if he was uttering ancient incantations. I think I'm starting to get a migraine.
Okay, does it concern anyone else that Rick and the bartender are the only people without blonde hair? I don't know why this concerns me. I just played a game where the demons were all blonde haired children.

15th watch -- One of the suggested videos after this one ends is a Smashmouth song, and I never thought I'd ever be tempted to click on one of those. I have truly hit rock bottom.

16th watch -- Literally having the details of a murder decribed to me while I listen, and I find that less nauseating. We live in weird times.

